Time for a short summary of what we learned thus far. We learned about that transform property
and that we can control the origin of the transformation with the transform origin property, we can
define around which part of the box it should rotate itself, where the axis should go through and so
on
and we learned about the four key transform functions you have; rotate, translate, scale and skew.
Now you saw that there are often skewX, skewY and just skew functions and the same for scale, translate
and rotate,
now you can use the shorthands of course. For rotate if we remove the Z,
let's go back to the packages page,
we actually see we get the same result as before.
So rotate, just like that, by default rotates around the z-axis.
So this is convenient, since we most of the time want to rotate around this axis, most of the time we
want to have that 2D transformation. Translate,
if we don't enter anything else, will allow us to enter one or two values. If we only enter one, like this,
you see it doesn't look that bad but it's now only translating on the x-axis,
the second value is what we need to enter to translate on the y-axis.
So here, if we also enter -1rem, then we have the same as before, we translate on the x-axis and
on the y-axis.
So with these two arguments syntax, we're back to the original result.
Now regarding the other functions, for customers here,
for skew, we're already using that function where we just skew on the x-axis,
the second value would then be the y-axis as you learned and for scale,
there if we enter one value, we actually scale on both X and Y at the same time.
If you want to scale either of the two, we can use scaleX and scaleY.
This is how you can work with these transform functions
and that's really all that's to transformations.
It's always useful to use these if you want to change elements just as you saw it here. Translate
is useful, also together with animations but highly useful are things like rotate, skew and scale.